Add proposal for GEPs (#684)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/contributing/enhancement-requests.md

# Enhancement Tracking and Backlog

> Inspired by [Kubernetes enhancements][enhance], service-api's provides a

Reviewer: Keep on finding places I missed in the rename:
```suggestion
Inspired by [Kubernetes enhancements][enhance], Gateway API provides a
```

process for introducing new functionality or considerable changes to the
project. The enhancement process will evolve over time as the project matures.

[enhance]: https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements

Enhancements provides the basis of a community roadmap. Enhancements may be
filed by anyone, but require approval from a maintainer to accept the
enhancement into the project.

## Quick start

1. Create an [Issue][issue] and select "Enhancement Request".
2. Follow the instructions in the enhancement request template and submit the
   Issue.

> 3. (depending on size of change) Start a [draft GEP proposal][gep]

Reviewer: Nit: I'd recommend either just "Gateway Enhancement Proposal" here - "GEP Proposal" is repetitive.

[issue]: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api/issues/new/choose
[gep]: /contributing/gep.md

## What is Considered an Enhancement?

An enhancement is generally anything that:

> - Introduces changes to an api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduces changes to an API.
```
